README.md, before:

# **Table of Contents**
  ----
- [**Table of Contents**](#table-of-contents)
- [1. Natural Language Processing Lab Practicals ETSU](#1-natural-language-processing-lab-practicals-etsu)
  - [1.1. About the Course](#11-about-the-course)
    - [1.1.1. The labs covers the following](#111-the-labs-covers-the-following)
- [2. Getting started](#2-getting-started)
- [Contact Me](#contact-me)


# 1. Natural Language Processing Lab Practicals ETSU
 This repo contains all my lab work for Natural Language Processing and Text Analysis course in ETSU - CSCI 5037


## 1.1. About the Course
Course Objective: 
provides a foundational understanding of NLP and text analysis, covering both theoretical and practical aspects to prepare you for advanced studies or careers in data science, AI, and computational linguistics

### 1.1.1. The labs covers the following 
Topics:
- [x] Introduction to NLP and Text Analysis 
- [x] Text Representation Lab 1
- [x] Text Cleaning Lab 2
- [x] Named Entity Recognition Lab 3
- [x] Topic Modeling Lab 4
- [ ] Sentiment Analysis Lab 5
- [ ] Text Classification Lab 6
- [ ] Sequence Modeling Lab 7
- [ ] Advanced Topics in NLP: LLMs & Generative AI 

------
# 2. Getting started 
For effective appreciaiton of the contents and labs.
    At least a sufficient understanding of intermediate python is required.
        Setting up of a environement with NLTK, Spacy, CoreNLP, Gensim and other import libraries.


# Contact Me 
Free to email me at <a href="mailto:aswadhardi@yahoo.com">aswadhardi@yahoo.com</a>

Commit message:

Labs Completed and NLP& ESG Project

README.md, after:

# **Table of Contents**
  ----
- [**Table of Contents**](#table-of-contents)
- [1. Natural Language Processing Lab Practicals ETSU](#1-natural-language-processing-lab-practicals-etsu)
  - [1.1. About the Course](#11-about-the-course)
    - [1.1.1. The labs covers the following](#111-the-labs-covers-the-following)
- [2. Getting started](#2-getting-started)
  - [Project Reference](#project-reference)
- [Contact Me](#contact-me)


# 1. Natural Language Processing Lab Practicals ETSU
 This repo contains all my lab work for Natural Language Processing and Text Analysis course in ETSU - CSCI 5037


## 1.1. About the Course
Course Objective: 
provides a foundational understanding of NLP and text analysis, covering both theoretical and practical aspects to prepare you for advanced studies or careers in data science, AI, and computational linguistics

### 1.1.1. The labs covers the following 
Topics:
- [x] Introduction to NLP and Text Analysis 
- [x] Text Representation Lab 1
- [x] Text Cleaning Lab 2
- [x] Named Entity Recognition Lab 3
- [x] Topic Modeling Lab 4
- [x] Sentiment Analysis Lab 5
- [x] Sequence Modeling Lab 6
- [ ] Text Classification Lab 7
- [ ] Advanced Topics in NLP: LLMs & Generative AI 
- [ ] Project

------
# 2. Getting started 
For effective appreciaiton of the contents and labs.
    At least a sufficient understanding of intermediate python is required.
        Setting up of a environement with NLTK, Spacy, CoreNLP, Gensim and other import libraries.

## Project Reference
My project to illustrate my NLP and text analysis learning experience with a project on an automatic ESG reports analysis tool based using Topic Modeling and ESBERT Model a specialized language model for ESG text classification to classify sentences into the respective ESG pilars.

1. [A data-driven approach to Environmental, Social and Governance](https://databricks.com/blog/2020/07/10/a-data-driven-approach-to-environmental-social-and-governance.html)
2. [Higher ESG ratings are generally positively correlated with valuation and profitability while negatively correlated with volatility.](https://corpgov.law.harvard.edu/2020/01/14/esg-matters/)
3. [Topic Modeling with Gensim (Python)](https://www.machinelearningplus.com/nlp/topic-modeling-gensim-python/)
4. [Citibank's 2019 ESG report](https://www.citigroup.com/citi/about/esg/download/2019/Global-ESG-Report-2019.pdf?ieNocache=967)
5. [Databricks - ESG Reports](https://databricks.com/notebooks/esg_notebooks/01_esg_report.html)
5. [Databricks - Data Driven ESG Score](https://databricks.com/notebooks/esg_notebooks/02_esg_scoring.html)
6. [Databricks - ESG Market Risk](https://databricks.com/notebooks/esg_notebooks/03_esg_market.html)
7. [Topic Modeling and Latent Dirichlet Allocation (LDA) in Python](https://towardsdatascience.com/topic-modeling-and-latent-dirichlet-allocation-in-python-9bf156893c24)
8. [Evaluate Topic Models: Latent Dirichlet Allocation (LDA)](https://towardsdatascience.com/evaluate-topic-model-in-python-latent-dirichlet-allocation-lda-7d57484bb5d0)
9. [Topic modeling visualization – How to present the results of LDA models?](https://www.machinelearningplus.com/nlp/topic-modeling-visualization-how-to-present-results-lda-models/)
10. [Analyzing ESG with AI and NLP (Tutorial#1): Report Analysis Towards ESG Risks and Opportunities](https://medium.com/@schimanski.tobi/analyzing-esg-with-ai-and-nlp-tutorial-1-report-analysis-towards-esg-risks-and-opportunities-8daa2695f6c5)
11. [ESGBERT](https://huggingface.co/ESGBERT)

# Contact Me 
Free to email me at <a href="mailto:aswadhardi@yahoo.com">aswadhardi@yahoo.com</a>
